README.md, before:

# Assignment: Advanced JavaScript and Tailwind CSS

## Group 6

## Scenario

In this assignment, you’ll build a responsive static website to convert between metric units and imperial units (i.e., between kilograms and pounds, kilometres and miles, and Celsius and Fahrenheit).

## Instructions

As indicated by your instructor, review the mathematical equations required to perform the following unit conversions:
- Pounds (lb.) to kilograms (kg), and vice versa
- Miles to kilometres (km), and vice versa
- Celsius (°C) to Fahrenheit (°F), and vice versa 3. Create a higher-order JavaScript function that takes in two parameters:
- The unit of measurement to convert from
- The unit of measurement to convert to
- The function should return a conversion function that uses arrow notation to perform the conversion. 
- The conversion function should take in a single value or an array of values and return the converted value or array of converted values.

## Website requirements:
- The website must be made responsive using Tailwind CSS.
- Create three tabs within the navbar of the website: Weight, Distance and Temperature.
- Each tab must have a form to convert from the metric unit to the imperial unit, and vice versa.
- The form must contain the functionality to convert a single value and an array list of values.
- Use Tailwind CSS for all the components on the website (e.g., navbar, tabs, forms)

Commit message:

README how to run locally

README.md, after:

# Assignment: Advanced JavaScript and Tailwind CSS

## Group 6

## Scenario

In this assignment, you’ll build a responsive static website to convert between metric units and imperial units (i.e., between kilograms and pounds, kilometres and miles, and Celsius and Fahrenheit).

## How to run locally
- This is not hosted yet
1. Open in VSCode
2. Use Live Server to run it, or use alternate way


## Instructions

As indicated by your instructor, review the mathematical equations required to perform the following unit conversions:
- Pounds (lb.) to kilograms (kg), and vice versa
- Miles to kilometres (km), and vice versa
- Celsius (°C) to Fahrenheit (°F), and vice versa 3. Create a higher-order JavaScript function that takes in two parameters:
- The unit of measurement to convert from
- The unit of measurement to convert to
- The function should return a conversion function that uses arrow notation to perform the conversion. 
- The conversion function should take in a single value or an array of values and return the converted value or array of converted values.

## Website requirements:
- The website must be made responsive using Tailwind CSS.
- Create three tabs within the navbar of the website: Weight, Distance and Temperature.
- Each tab must have a form to convert from the metric unit to the imperial unit, and vice versa.
- The form must contain the functionality to convert a single value and an array list of values.
- Use Tailwind CSS for all the components on the website (e.g., navbar, tabs, forms)
